GH-82695: Clarify `pathlib.Path.mkdir()` documentation (#114032)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pathlib.rst

   If *exist_ok* is false (the default), :exc:`FileExistsError` is
   raised if the target directory already exists.

>    If *exist_ok* is true, :exc:`FileExistsError` is raised only if the given
>    path already exists in the file system and is not a directory (same
>    behavior as the POSIX ``mkdir -p`` command).

Reviewer: Perhaps semantic, but I think the below is slightly more useful: as the reader, it is more important to note that when this flag is used, errors only are raised in some special case, as this flag exists precisely to suppress errors, eg in the common case of ensuring a given directory exists.

```suggestion
   If *exist_ok* is true, :exc:`FileExistsError` will not be raised unless the given
   path already exists in the file system and is not a directory (same
   behavior as the POSIX ``mkdir -p`` command).
```
